### 10/31 TA Meeting Minutes

#### Since last meeting:
- Wireframe UI's finished by Nathan
- Lab 10 Project Start document nearly complete

#### In meeting:
- Overview of what's going on in each meeting
- Will assign to do cards for each individual
- Will plan to merge all issues from card at end of the week
- Create release notes for each week to go over
- Do not split front-end / back-end fully, split and assign responsibilities based on features

#### Planning for next meeting:
- Finish github project board
- Assign priority to each task (features)
- Have initial demo of MVP prepared for next week



### 11/7 TA Meeting Minutes

#### Since last meeting:
- Finished UI for all pages (see project board [here](https://github.com/users/jackmckinstry/projects/2/views/1) )
- Release notes v0.0.1 [here](https://github.com/jackmckinstry/homecare-project/releases/tag/v0.0.1)

#### In meeting:
- Need to finish week 2 plan (will be issue on github project board)
- Will assign tasks to each person for completion of working features
- Will use dbdiagram.io in order to make our database diagram

#### Planning for next meeting:
- Finish database structure
- Incorporate features w node: (login, registration, database, nurse page, patient page)



### 11/14 TA Meeting Minutes

#### Since last meeting:
- Finished database structure and other items in week 2 plan (see project board [here](https://github.com/users/jackmckinstry/projects/2/views/1) )
- Release notes v0.0.2 [here](https://github.com/jackmckinstry/homecare-project/releases/tag/v0.0.2)

#### In meeting:
- Went through all items on week 2 plan and what was completed by each person
- Planning to finish authentication + sessions and superuser functionality as our last critical items
- Showed working demo with database incorporation

#### Planning for next meeting:
- Finish week 3 plan and action items
- Sign up for a presentation slot
